c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.Form1.resources
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\PruebasEpicor.exe.config
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\PruebasEpicor.exe
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\PruebasEpicor.pdb
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\EpicorConnect.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Adapters.UD01.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.UD01.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.UserFile.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.AppSettingsHandler.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Epicor.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.EpiClientLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.EpiResourceLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Core.Session.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.BroadcastTower.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Custom.CodeEditLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinChart.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinMaskedEdit.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinEditors.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinSchedule.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTree.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinExplorerBar.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinToolbars.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.Misc.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinListView.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTabControl.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinStatusBar.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDock.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.Attachment.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Help.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Shared.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.ClassAttribute.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGauge.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.PredictiveSearch.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Epicor.Social.DataContracts.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.GenXData.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.Menu.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.ClientPlugins.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.BAQDesigner.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.DynamicQuery.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.FileTransfer.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.ServerPath.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDataSource.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.SysTag.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.QuickSearch.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinSpellChecker.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.AppStylistSupport.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.ExcelExport.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.NamedSearch.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Deployment.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.About.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.BOReader.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.ClientCache.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Sec.SecRights.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.ZDataTable.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.ExcelReader.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Logon.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.SysConfig.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\VisualStudioDebugHelper.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.RestrictedLicenseLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Documents.Excel.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinPrintPreviewDialog.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.LangTran.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.SessionMod.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Epicor.Ice.Version.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Edit.Windows.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Base.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.Annotation.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.FileTransfer.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.LangName.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.ChangePassword.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Epicor.App.Version.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Core.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\EpicorConnect.pdb
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinChart.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinMaskedEdit.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinEditors.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinSchedule.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTree.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinExplorerBar.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinToolbars.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.Misc.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinListView.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTabControl.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinStatusBar.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDock.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Shared.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGauge.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDataSource.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinSpellChecker.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.AppStylistSupport.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.ExcelExport.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Documents.Excel.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinPrintPreviewDialog.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Edit.Windows.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Shared.Base.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.exe
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\PruebasEpicor\obj\Debug\PruebasEpicor.pdb
