c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\EpicorConnect.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\EpicorConnect.pdb
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Epicor.Ice.Version.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Epicor.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Adapters.Customer.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Adapters.PO.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Common.ContractInterfaces.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Lib.Configurator.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Lib.GlobalStrings.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Adapters.UD01.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Adapters.UserFile.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.UD01.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.UserFile.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Core.Session.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Core.Version.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.AppSettingsHandler.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.EpiClientLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Contracts.BO.Customer.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.EpiResourceLib.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinEditors.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Shared.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.Misc.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDock.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinStatusBar.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTabControl.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Erp.Contracts.BO.PO.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinToolbars.v12.2.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Lib.Deployment.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.Lib.BOReader.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Ice.Contracts.BO.LangTran.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinGrid.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinEditors.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Shared.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.Misc.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinDock.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinStatusBar.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinTabControl.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\bin\Debug\Infragistics4.Win.UltraWinToolbars.v12.2.xml
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\obj\Debug\EpicorConnect.dll
c:\users\analista_ifc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PruebasEpicor\EpicorConnect\obj\Debug\EpicorConnect.pdb
